representatives certify the report of
these Select Committee on Intelligence
of the House of Representatives as to
the confirmations conduct of Henry
Kissinger as assistant to the president
for national security affairs in failing
and refusing to produce certain
materials and compliance with a subpoena
duces tecum of sad Select Committee
described and said subpoena as all 40
committee and predecessor committee
records of decisions taken since january
twentieth nineteen sixty-five reflecting
approvals of covert action projects
which subpoena was served upon the
assistant to the president for national
security affairs who was then and there
Henry Kissinger and as ordered by the
Select Committee together with all the
facts in connection therewith under the
seal of the House of Representatives to
the United States Attorney for the
District of Columbia to the end that
said Henry Kissinger as assistant to the
president for national security affairs
may be proceeded against in the manner
and form provided by law
by a vote of 10 eyes and two nays the
resolution is agreed to